What does a guy isn't welcome x.
Now in this video I'm going to be showing you how to write a post and how to write pages.
OK so basically I'm going to be giving you the tips.
OK.
That you have to implement and you will see that your post will come on the top of the Google.
So basically how the post comes and how we will understand that the post is related to the post that
you are writing.
OK.
It makes sense OK.
Like if you want to write a post like how to create a void Press website.
OK so this is right here.
Now how to google will understand that this is related to the wordpress site creation.
Ok so Google basically take your word and just break it.
OK.
Like if I just go to my title page you can see how to create a W.P. site.
So Google is going to create to break this.
OK like how to create a W.P. site.
OK.
And Google is going to make sure that the that is a keyword and a site is a keyword.
So Google will mark it as a cured.
OK.
And if this W.P. and this site is appearing on your home page or on any of your weight on your page.
Ok then Google will mark that as the post related to that keyword.
OK.
So let's suppose that I just go here and I just search for word press didor Hills.
That's all I just search for this.
Now here you can see Tay's way it Torrijos thousand two hundred plus Step-By-Step tutorials right here.
We have so many right here and I can see everything is coming here and saying WordPress Dorio.
So I just open it up and I just open it up.
You can see that here in this page if I look for Wordpress than this page would be having so many word
passwords.
OK.
Let's just press control and then F..
And now here I'm going to be searching for WordPress.
I can see how many times Wordpress is mentioned here.
So Wordpress is mentioned here eighty five times you can see if I just click here it's going to take
me down to so many times that the word press is being mentioned.
OK.
So this is how basically Google has placed this tablet beginner onto the top result.
And this is how it is working.
OK.
This is the ad so we're going to be leaving this but this is the organic one.
So you can see it has Woj press here as well as W.P. here and everything is here.
So that is why we're pressed.
Dorri Olds is ranking on the number one page result.
So now if you just go to the word pressure Durrell in the site drowne you can see that here should also
be WordPress like it should be mentioned so many times if I just click here and I can see if I just
press control f then I just search for word press.
OK this search here you can see how many times Wordpress is here.
It's just so small repressors so many times like this there's this this this this and these are all
the links so links matter a lot.
OK if you have a link to your next post or to your other post then Google will mark that page to be
like so great because you are interlinking your different pages and you have so many times where you
press used.
OK I have this there's this there's this and you can see this is how this site is being ranked on the
Google.
So it totally depends upon the keywords said how much you use how you plan your keyboard and where to
put a key word here.
They're here or anywhere.
So if you're choosing your keywords wisely OK then you will see that your website full of crow.
Huge.
OK your Web site will come in the top of the page.
OK.
No doubt this site round is a famous company.
That is why it is coming but also the key word matters as well.
OK so every company's start from the ground.
OK like this is inside out.
So this was also started from the crown.
OK.
No company is for is a huge company.
You have to start from the ground and then you go huge.
OK so keep that in mind.
OK because if you are creating a business if you're doing a business and you are creating a website
for it and you think you can not do it.
Trust me guys you can do it if you think you can do it.
OK so you will be able to do it and I know I know that you will be able to round up say to the number
one page result.
What these type of keyword stuffing.
OK.
So now I think that you have got the idea of how keyword works and what is a key word basically.
Now I don't think so if I have to explain anything.
So this Wordpress is basically a keyword.
OK.
Now physically how do you check which key word is being Sewer's.
Mike Moore OK how healthy chicken.
OK.
So Google gives you a free service that is called Trents.
OK if I just search for Google Trends then they can open this up transcon Google dot com slash outruns
So you have to open this up and then you can search for the topics that were mostly searched.
OK so if I want to write about iPhone 10.
OK and if I want to write a blog post about iPhone 10 then let's see.
So
OK is not showing the results.
Let's just go back a search for a WordPress tutorial so WordPress tutorial is being served so many times
you can see interest the word dime it from the person I think.
OK so 82 percent.
And I can see how it is growing.
OK we go down and you can see Paul is on the number one that we have the Bangladesh we have in Nigeria
Philippines and in the five we have Pakistan we go there and we have Sri Lanka.
There's these countries right here.
Serbia India S..
I don't know how to pronounce this Halina probably.
OK.
So here you can see then if you just search for a specific keyword this Google Trends is even more specify
it.
OK.
And it's going to give you here.
So let's suppose that it is right here where you press child in the Tauriel is searched so many times.
OK.
WordPress tutorials thousand seventeen has heard so many times OK like it's nine fifty times a WordPress
plugin development Tauriel step by step is also search so many times to free schools of storm surge
so many times.
OK we have word presi Doyle Portuguese and we have very pristine development team for us.
What is WordPress.
OK we have related topics here as well.
OK Shopify my ask who well and these type of religious topics the way this trend is going to give you.
OK so now you can compare this WordPress tutorial with OK like if I just search for a logger tutorial
I'm going to be seeing that.
Blogger being more surprised by the way so Wordpress is searched most of the time.
OK you can see it just giving the interest by region and interest by region here in the blogger.
OK so now we come here and we just change it to be like how you use Blogger or just love her.
OK.
But search for this so you can see that I have basically I am using a one single keyword right here
and this is very depressed.
Now what is this.
What I'm trying to explain is a two word keyword is more specified.
OK.
And one word keyword.
Is not more specified.
So I would highly recommend you to rank two or keyword.
The reason is that because when you are ranking two word keyword into your site and if your website
is not like huge company.
Ok so many is two key words you get a lot of traffic.
But if you use one single keyword so many times OK and you make that as a primary keyword and you think
OK you will get results on the basis of that you won't get it.
OK.
So that is why you have to make sure you use the word keep it if I just make it smaller.
And I just search for voyde press that's all.
OK Wordpress and the blogger they can see that WordPress searched more time so I can think that WordPress
is a topic that I should be posting instead of the blogger because word processors.
OK most of the time then I have to make sure that I make it more specified like Wordpress tutorial 2018.
Since this is 2008 right now I can just make it more unspecified OK like Wordpress is a 2017 I can make
it OK I can make it like Wordpress Dharker it's DP 5 fundraised and make sure to just keep your title
and your main key word as the two word keyboard on a t shirt.
OK don't go for a one single keyword.
If your website is not a huge company OK because your website rank higher because those companies are
those blogs that are on the number one page result already.
They will come because of the page rank.
Every web site has a page rank that it consists of OK and you have to make sure that you do look at
it.
So now we're done still here.
OK this was so important this was so important to basically tell you this because it will help you a
lot now.
OK.
Now then we will be understanding how to write a post and how to make sure that every key word is there.
And here they are anywhere.
Then you will understand why is it so important.
OK so now we are done telling here now I'm going to be showing you that how you have to write a post
or a page.
So in the next video I'll be probably showing you how to.
You can just write a post and how you have to choose a keyword.
So you have chosen a Cuba I suppose that you have chosen like how to build a site with wordpress.
OK.
2018.
This is the keyword that I want to focus that I will show you like Wordpress to 2018 as my main keyword.
OK then I will show you how to work with it.
So in the next video you'll be working up at that.
Good bye guys.